# InfoSequare
News is information about current events. Journalists provide news through many different media, based on word of mouth, printing, postal systems, broadcasting, and electronic communication.  Common topics for news reports include war, government, politics, education, health, the environment, economy, business, and entertainment, as well as athletic events, quirky or unusual events. Government proclamations, concerning royal ceremonies, laws, taxes, public health, criminals, have been dubbed news since ancient times.  Humans exhibit a nearly universal desire to learn and share news, which they satisfy by talking to each other and sharing information. Technological and social developments, often driven by government communication and espionage networks, have increased the speed with which news can spread, as well as influenced its content. The genre of news as we know it today is closely associated with the newspaper, which originated in China as a court bulletin and spread, with paper and printing press, to Europe.  Online journalism is news that is reported on the Internet. News can be delivered more quickly through this method of news as well as accessed more easily. The internet era has transformed the understanding of news. Because the internet allows communication which is not only instantaneous, but also multi-directional, it has blurred the boundaries of who is a legitimate news producer. In this project we are trying to implement the news website in such a way that it should provide useful information as well as the associated videos from all possible areas like entertainment, politics, scientific, war, sports, education etc.The main aim of this project is to store and maintain all the information(soft-copy) from older days till the current situations.  The Info Square is a Web Project. It developed by using the Adobe AEM framework. it develpoed as educational project.  The Info Square provide follwoing category   Education - Education related all news updates Politics - All politics realted news updates. Entertainment - All media, movies, cinema, music etc related news update. Sports - Sports related news updates. Healthcare - All health related, medical, deseace, hospitals etc related news updates.
